Add supported_cultures liquid filter (#16208)
OrchardCMS/OrchardCore: src/docs/releases/2.0.0.md

Before this release, the `MarkdownField` used a single-line input field by default (named the Standard editor) and offered two different editors: Multi-line with a simple `textarea` and WYSIWYG with a rich editor. Now, by default, it uses a `textarea` as the Standard editor, and the separate Multi-line option has been removed.

You have nothing to do, fields configured with the Standard or Multi-line editors previously will both continue to work. Note though, that their editors will now be a `textarea`.

### Liquid

> New filter named `supported_cultures` was added to allow you to get a list of supported cultures. Here is an example of how to print the name of supported cultures using a list

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Culture` context variable got the new properties for a fuller Liquid culture support: `DisplayName`, `NativeName`, and `TwoLetterISOLanguageName`. These are the same as their .NET counterparts.

A new filter named `supported_cultures` was added to allow you to get a list of supported cultures. Here is an example of how to print the names of supported cultures using a list:
```
